Minamimp Tedai
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring
Ring-a-ling-a-ling, ring-a-ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring-a-ring
I am a fairy and my sister is a fairy
Ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
I wish I could wash it
It's so nice to be washed away by a ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
Ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
I ate something to eat and cooked it
When I was done, I got up
No one told me, ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
I thought it was delicious
Ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
Where was it?
I can't forget it
Ring-a-ring, ring-a-ring
I ate it